[Music]
hi guys welcome back to another video I
hope you doing really really good today
we are in - bye and if you follow the
while you know that I've been traveling
for like the past five weeks and this is
the last stop of our trip we have met up
with May
mom and sister so I just like doing like
chilled stuff in the behind before like
going home and everything no no I wasn't
sure if I was gonna do like a divide
blog on up but I thought just show you
woke up to you and it's going to receive
the chilled anyway so we just can't just
come out of cinema and watching the
Joker and literally it was such a good
film there was a love like the
psychology in it and if you guys have
watched it already let me know what you
thought I honesty also emotion actually
it made me feel so so at the same time
if you haven't watched it I'm not going
to spoil it for you but definitely give
it a watch we have like literally we had
a three-course meal in the cinema really
nice had nachos a burger and cheese cake
and some chocolate cake as well so good
food heaven and it's actually really
cool into vitamin aerobics
I think it rained like most day today
first time that's ever happened brasov
really divine but it's like perfect
temperature now crossed over the road
and we've come into Dubai and which I
love all the sense
so in a basin 13
[Music]
and very rehab part of the tree yeah oh
it's a fancy floor
you'd only have bring knives in the
street in device
[Music]
so today we're going to
it's like our efficiency
in the desert I think is
about
kayaking and also
we're gonna go any morning but one of us
could get
I'm so bit jet-lagged from there Asia
time difference so we're going to head
over there this morning
some great field a trip and then we
probably do some fitness event as well
I'm wearing just
this is super because it is still
cropped but it's like kind of covered
and also a bit orange and to me and then
that I was 40 I leave my doing
disconnect down below
let me know if you do is that
we're going into the desert very
unprepared hence these like actual beach
hat I found these shoes in the desert
don't marry the Prince parquet down 45k
to go stop for a break halfway can't see
the end there but oh mama he's so dry
[Music]
all right here
[Applause]
[Music]
let's get some breakfast for inclusion
having a bit of a full day today
just chilling out
[Music]